Debbie，
Debbie
上次，上次，
shàng cì ， shàng cì ，
Last time, last time,
Bob，
Bob
很饿很饿，对不对？
hěn è hěn è ， duì bú duì ？
You're so hungry, aren't you?
对，嗯，
duì ， ń ，
Yes, um.
很饿，Bob很饿。
hěn è ，Bob hěn è 。
Bob is very hungry.
Bob要吃什么？
Bob yào chī shén me ？
What does Bob want to eat?
Bob要吃十个汉堡啊！
Bob yào chī shí gè hàn bǎo a ！
Bob wants to eat ten hamburgers!
十个汉堡，
shí gè hàn bǎo ，
Ten hamburgers,
十个汉堡。
shí gè hàn bǎo 。
Ten hamburgers.
太多了，对不对？
tài duō le ， duì bú duì ？
That's too many, isn't it?
对，
duì ，
right,
啊，太多了！
a ， tài duō le ！
Ah, there are too many!
Erica说什么？
Erica shuō shén me ？
What did Erica say?
Erica说：“我不饿。”嗯，
Erica shuō ：“ wǒ bù è 。” ń ，
Erica said, "I'm not hungry." Hmm.
Erica要不要十个汉堡？
Erica yào bù yào shí gè hàn bǎo ？
Erica, would you like ten hamburgers?
不对，Erica不要十个。
bú duì ，Erica bú yào shí gè 。
No, Erica doesn't want ten.
Erica不要吃汉堡。
Erica bú yào chī hàn bǎo 。
Erica, don't want to eat hamburgers.
对，Erica不要吃汉堡，为什么？
duì ，Erica bú yào chī hàn bǎo ， wèi shén me ？
Yes, Erica doesn't want to eat hamburgers, why?
Erica不饿。
Erica bù è 。
Erica isn't hungry.
对，Erica不饿。
duì ，Erica bù è 。
Yes, Erica isn't hungry.
你要不要吃十个汉堡？
nǐ yào bù yào chī shí gè hàn bǎo ？
Do you want to eat ten hamburgers?
哈哈哈，
hā hā hā ，
Hahaha,
No，
No,
嗯，我不要吃。
ń ， wǒ bú yào chī 。
Hmm, I don't want to eat.
吃十个汉堡，太多了。
chī shí gè hàn bǎo ， tài duō le 。
Eating ten hamburgers is too much.
嗯，太多了，对不对？
ń ， tài duō le ， duì bú duì ？
Hmm, that's too much, isn't it?
太多了，嗯，
tài duō le ， ń ，
Too many, um.
很好。
hěn hǎo 。
very good.
啊，
a ，
ah,
好，Erica觉得啊，
hǎo ，Erica jué de a ，
Okay, Erica thinks so.
十个汉堡太多了。
shí gè hàn bǎo tài duō le 。
Ten hamburgers are too many.
然后Bob吃了十个汉堡，
rán hòu Bob chī le shí gè hàn bǎo ，
Then Bob ate ten hamburgers.
对不对？
duì bú duì ？
Is that right?
不对，
bú duì ，
wrong,
不对，为什么？
bú duì ， wèi shén me ？
No, why?
Bob不饿了。
Bob bù è le 。
Bob is no longer hungry.
对，
duì ，
right,
Bob吃了一个汉堡，对不对？
Bob chī le yí gè hàn bǎo ， duì bú duì ？
Bob ate a hamburger, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
然后Bob不饿了。
rán hòu Bob bù è le 。
Then Bob wasn't hungry anymore.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Bob不饿了。
Bob bù è le 。
Bob is no longer hungry.
不饿。
bù è 。
I'm not hungry.
对，很好。
duì ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, very good.
不饿了，嗯，
bù è le ， ń ，
I'm not hungry anymore, hmm.
不饿了，不饿了，
bù è le ， bù è le ，
I'm not hungry anymore, I'm not hungry anymore.
很好。
hěn hǎo 。
very good.
嗯，不饿了。
ń ， bù è le 。
Hmm, I'm not hungry anymore.
Erica吃了什么？
Erica chī le shén me ？
What did Erica eat?
Erica，
Erica,
吃，
chī ，
eat,
9，
9,
很好，对，
hěn hǎo ， duì ，
Very good, yes.
Erica吃了9个汉堡。
Erica chī le 9 gè hàn bǎo 。
Erica ate nine hamburgers.
9个汉堡，
9 gè hàn bǎo ，
9 hamburgers
Erica吃了9个汉堡。
Erica chī le 9 gè hàn bǎo 。
Erica ate nine hamburgers.
对，Erica吃了9个汉堡。
duì ，Erica chī le 9 gè hàn bǎo 。
Yes, Erica ate nine hamburgers.
Erica说她不饿，对不对？
Erica shuō tā bù è ， duì bú duì ？
Erica said she wasn't hungry, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
可是Erica吃了9个汉堡啊！
kě shì Erica chī le 9 gè hàn bǎo a ！
But Erica ate nine hamburgers!
啊，
a ，
ah,
嗯，Erica很奇怪。
ń ，Erica hěn qí guài 。
Hmm, Erica is strange.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
很奇怪。
hěn qí guài 。
That's strange.
对不对？哈哈哈，
duì bú duì ？ hā hā hā ，
Right? Hahaha,
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，Erica很奇怪。
ń ，Erica hěn qí guài 。
Hmm, Erica is strange.
Debbie，
Debbie
你觉得你奇怪吗？
nǐ jué de nǐ qí guài ma ？
Do you think you're weird?
哈哈，
hā hā ，
Ha ha,
对，
duì ，
right,
你很奇怪。
nǐ hěn qí guài 。
You're strange.
你，
nǐ ，
you,
sometimes，哈哈哈，
sometimes， hā hā hā ，
Sometimes, hahaha,
很好，很好，很好，我，
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ， wǒ ，
Very good, very good, very good, I...
我也很奇怪。
wǒ yě hěn qí guài 。
I find that strange too.
嗯，哈哈哈，
ń ， hā hā hā ，
Yeah, hahaha.
OK，很好，
OK， hěn hǎo ，
OK, very good.
很好，很好，
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ，
Very good, very good.
我喜欢奇怪……
wǒ xǐ huān qí guài ……
I like weird things...
奇怪的人。
qí guài de rén 。
Strange person.
奇怪的人，
qí guài de rén ，
Strange person,
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
我喜欢。
wǒ xǐ huān 。
I like.
Okay，我喜欢奇怪的人。
Okay， wǒ xǐ huān qí guài de rén 。
Okay, I like weird people.
对，我喜欢奇怪的人。
duì ， wǒ xǐ huān qí guài de rén 。
Yes, I like strange people.
Okay，好，
Okay， hǎo ，
Okay, good.
我们，我们，
wǒ men ， wǒ men ，
We, we,
我们都，
wǒ men dōu ，
We all
奇怪，对不对？
qí guài ， duì bú duì ？
That's strange, isn't it?
对，嗯，
duì ， ń ，
Yes, um.
我们都奇怪。
wǒ men dōu qí guài 。
We all find it strange.
嗯哼，
ń hēng ，
uh-huh,
很好。
hěn hǎo 。
very good.
Okay，好，
Okay， hǎo ，
Okay, good.
Debbie，
Debbie
今天我们说四……四，
jīn tiān wǒ men shuō sì …… sì ，
Today we're talking about four...four.
嗯，4，okay，
ń ，4，okay，
Okay, 4.
Bob和Erica，
Bob hé Erica，
Bob and Erica,
很饿，对不对？
hěn è ， duì bú duì ？
You're very hungry, aren't you?
对，
duì ，
right,
对，Bob和Erica很饿。
duì ，Bob hé Erica hěn è 。
Yes, Bob and Erica are very hungry.
Okay，好，
Okay， hǎo ，
Okay, good.
Bob和Erica住在哪儿？
Bob hé Erica zhù zài nǎ ér ？
Where do Bob and Erica live?
Bob和Erica住在加拿大。
Bob hé Erica zhù zài jiā ná dà 。
Bob and Erica live in Canada.
对，Bob和Erica住在加拿大。
duì ，Bob hé Erica zhù zài jiā ná dà 。
Yes, Bob and Erica live in Canada.
加拿大有没有中国菜？
jiā ná dà yǒu méi yǒu zhōng guó cài ？
Are there Chinese restaurants in Canada?
有，
yǒu ，
have,
很好吃。
hěn hǎo chī 。
It's delicious.
嗯，很好。
ń ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, that's good.
中国菜，
zhōng guó cài ，
Chinese food
对对对，
duì duì duì ，
Yes, yes, yes
对对对，
duì duì duì ，
Yes, yes, yes
加拿大有很好吃的中国菜。
jiā ná dà yǒu hěn hǎo chī de zhōng guó cài 。
Canada has delicious Chinese food.
哎，中国菜，
āi ， zhōng guó cài ，
Sigh, Chinese food.
对，
duì ，
right,
加拿大有没有韩国菜？
jiā ná dà yǒu méi yǒu hán guó cài ？
Do you have Korean food in Canada?
啊，加拿大，
a ， jiā ná dà ，
Ah, Canada.
加拿大，
jiā ná dà ，
Canada,
有，
yǒu ，
have,
韩国菜。
hán guó cài 。
Korean food.
对，加拿大有韩国菜。
duì ， jiā ná dà yǒu hán guó cài 。
Yes, Canada has Korean food.
加拿大有没有意大利菜？
jiā ná dà yǒu méi yǒu yì dà lì cài ？
Do you have Italian food in Canada?
加拿大，
jiā ná dà ，
Canada,
有意大利菜。
yǒu yì dà lì cài 。
Italian food is available.
对，很好。
duì ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, very good.
很好，加拿大有没有印度菜？
hěn hǎo ， jiā ná dà yǒu méi yǒu yìn dù cài ？
Great, does Canada have Indian food?
加拿大有印度菜。
jiā ná dà yǒu yìn dù cài 。
Canada has Indian food.
对，很好。
duì ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, very good.
所以，Bob和Erica可以，
suǒ yǐ ，Bob hé Erica kě yǐ ，
So, Bob and Erica can.
可以，
kě yǐ ，
Can,
可以吃中国菜、
kě yǐ chī zhōng guó cài 、
You can eat Chinese food.
韩国菜、意大利菜、
hán guó cài 、 yì dà lì cài 、
Korean food, Italian food,
印度菜，对不对？
yìn dù cài ， duì bú duì ？
Indian food, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
对，
duì ，
right,
可是，可是，
kě shì ， kě shì ，
But, but,
Erica要不要吃意大利菜？
Erica yào bù yào chī yì dà lì cài ？
Erica, would you like some Italian food?
Erica不要意大利菜。
Erica bú yào yì dà lì cài 。
Erica doesn't want Italian food.
为什么？
wèi shén me ？
Why?
意大利菜太贵了。
yì dà lì cài tài guì le 。
Italian food is too expensive.
对，意大利菜太贵了。
duì ， yì dà lì cài tài guì le 。
Yes, Italian food is too expensive.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Erica有钱吗？
Erica yǒu qián ma ？
Is Erica rich?
Erica和Bob没有钱。
Erica hé Bob méi yǒu qián 。
Erica and Bob have no money.
对，Erica和Bob没有钱。
duì ，Erica hé Bob méi yǒu qián 。
Yes, Erica and Bob have no money.
没有钱，
méi yǒu qián ，
No money,
对，没有钱。
duì ， méi yǒu qián 。
Yes, there's no money.
所以，
suǒ yǐ ，
so,
嗯，所以他们不可以，
ń ， suǒ yǐ tā men bù kě yǐ ，
Yeah, so they can't.
不可以吃意大利菜，对不对？
bù kě yǐ chī yì dà lì cài ， duì bú duì ？
You can't eat Italian food, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，很好，OK。
ń ， hěn hǎo ，OK。
Hmm, very good, OK.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Erica不吃意大利菜，
Erica bù chī yì dà lì cài ，
Erica doesn't eat Italian food.
因为Erica没有钱。
yīn wèi Erica méi yǒu qián 。
Because Erica had no money.
对不对？
duì bú duì ？
Is that right?
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，好。
ń ， hǎo 。
Okay, sure.
那Erica吃不吃韩国菜？
nà Erica chī bù chī hán guó cài ？
Does Erica eat Korean food?
Erica不吃韩国菜。
Erica bù chī hán guó cài 。
Erica doesn't eat Korean food.
嗯，Erica不吃韩国菜。
ń ，Erica bù chī hán guó cài 。
Yes, Erica doesn't eat Korean food.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
韩国菜贵吗？
hán guó cài guì ma ？
Are Korean foods expensive?
韩国菜不贵。
hán guó cài bù guì 。
Korean food is inexpensive.
不贵，
bù guì ，
Not expensive.
嗯，很好。
ń ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, that's good.
韩国菜不贵，
hán guó cài bù guì ，
Korean food is inexpensive.
很好。
hěn hǎo 。
very good.
很好，很好，
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ，
Very good, very good.
很好，韩国菜不贵。
hěn hǎo ， hán guó cài bù guì 。
Great, Korean food isn't expensive.
所以，Erica吃不吃？
suǒ yǐ ，Erica chī bù chī ？
So, will Erica eat it or not?
不吃，
bù chī ，
I won't eat.
嗯，Erica不吃。
ń ，Erica bù chī 。
Well, Erica doesn't eat it.
哦，为什么？
ó ， wèi shén me ？
Oh, why?
韩国菜太辣了。
hán guó cài tài là le 。
Korean food is too spicy.
哦，韩国菜太辣了。
ó ， hán guó cài tài là le 。
Oh, Korean food is too spicy.
嗯，很好。
ń ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, that's good.
Debbie，你觉得韩国菜辣吗？
Debbie， nǐ jué de hán guó cài là ma ？
Debbie, do you think Korean food is spicy?
哈哈哈，
hā hā hā ，
Hahaha,
啊，
a ，
ah,
我，
wǒ ，
I,
喜欢韩国菜。
xǐ huān hán guó cài 。
I like Korean food.
啊，你喜欢韩国菜！
a ， nǐ xǐ huān hán guó cài ！
Oh, you like Korean food!
嗯，所以你喜欢吃辣，对不对？
ń ， suǒ yǐ nǐ xǐ huān chī là ， duì bú duì ？
Yeah, so you like spicy food, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
哦，很好。
ó ， hěn hǎo 。
Oh, very good.
很好，好，
hěn hǎo ， hǎo ，
Very good, good.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
OK，Erica，嗯，
OK，Erica， ń ，
OK, Erica, um.
Erica很奇怪。
Erica hěn qí guài 。
Erica is strange.
很奇怪，对不对？
hěn qí guài ， duì bú duì ？
That's strange, isn't it?
对，
duì ，
right,
很奇怪，Erica不要吃意大利菜，
hěn qí guài ，Erica bú yào chī yì dà lì cài ，
It's strange, Erica doesn't like Italian food.
Erica不要吃韩国菜。
Erica bú yào chī hán guó cài 。
Erica doesn't want to eat Korean food.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Erica要吃印度菜吗？
Erica yào chī yìn dù cài ma ？
Does Erica want to eat Indian food?
Erica不吃，
Erica bù chī ，
Erica won't eat.
印度菜。
yìn dù cài 。
Indian food.
啊，Erica不吃印度菜。
a ，Erica bù chī yìn dù cài 。
Ah, Erica doesn't eat Indian food.
为什么？
wèi shén me ？
Why?
昨天，Bob和Erica吃了印度菜。
zuó tiān ，Bob hé Erica chī le yìn dù cài 。
Yesterday, Bob and Erica ate Indian food.
哎呀，昨天他们吃了印度菜！
āi yā ， zuó tiān tā men chī le yìn dù cài ！
Oh dear, they ate Indian food yesterday!
今天，他们要不要吃印度菜？
jīn tiān ， tā men yào bù yào chī yìn dù cài ？
Do they want to eat Indian food today?
不要，
bú yào ，
don't want,
不要。
bú yào 。
don't want.
好，
hǎo ，
good,
昨天，Debbie，你吃了什么？
zuó tiān ，Debbie， nǐ chī le shén me ？
Debbie, what did you eat yesterday?
昨天，我吃了，
zuó tiān ， wǒ chī le ，
Yesterday, I ate it.
What was it? Mexican food，哈哈，
What was it? Mexican food， hā hā ，
What was it? Mexican food, haha.
很好，很好，
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ，
Very good, very good.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
你吃了墨西哥菜啊！
nǐ chī le mò xī gē cài a ！
You ate Mexican food!
好吃？
hǎo chī ？
tasty?
不好吃？
bù hǎo chī ？
It doesn't taste good?
好吃，
hǎo chī ，
tasty,
好吃。
hǎo chī 。
tasty.
墨西哥菜，
mò xī gē cài ，
Mexican food
很辣很辣，对不对？
hěn là hěn là ， duì bú duì ？
It's very spicy, isn't it?
不对，
bú duì ，
wrong,
哦，不对啊？
ó ， bú duì a ？
Oh, wait a minute?
你觉得不辣，
nǐ jué de bù là ，
You don't think it's spicy?
哈哈哈，
hā hā hā ，
Hahaha,
对不对？嘿嘿嘿，
duì bú duì ？ hēi hēi hēi ，
Right? Hehehe.
Okay，okay，
Okay, okay.
很好，很好，嗯，好。
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ， ń ， hǎo 。
Very good, very good, um, good.
昨天，你吃了墨西哥菜。
zuó tiān ， nǐ chī le mò xī gē cài 。
Yesterday, you ate Mexican food.
今天，你要吃墨西哥菜吗？
jīn tiān ， nǐ yào chī mò xī gē cài ma ？
Do you want to eat Mexican food today?
今天，我吃了，
jīn tiān ， wǒ chī le ，
Today, I ate.
意大利菜。
yì dà lì cài 。
Italian cuisine.
哦，今天你吃了意大利菜！
ó ， jīn tiān nǐ chī le yì dà lì cài ！
Oh, you ate Italian food today!
今天，你不吃墨西哥菜，对不对？
jīn tiān ， nǐ bù chī mò xī gē cài ， duì bú duì ？
You're not eating Mexican food today, are you?
对，
duì ，
right,
啊，好。
a ， hǎo 。
Ah, okay.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
好的，所以，
hǎo de ， suǒ yǐ ，
Okay, so,
Erica不吃意大利菜，
Erica bù chī yì dà lì cài ，
Erica doesn't eat Italian food.
不吃韩国菜，
bù chī hán guó cài ，
I don't eat Korean food.
不吃印度菜。
bù chī yìn dù cài 。
I don't eat Indian food.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Erica要不要吃中国菜？
Erica yào bù yào chī zhōng guó cài ？
Erica, would you like to eat Chinese food?
Erica不要中国菜。
Erica bú yào zhōng guó cài 。
Erica doesn't want Chinese food.
为什么？中国菜很好吃！
wèi shén me ？ zhōng guó cài hěn hǎo chī ！
Why? Because Chinese food is delicious!
中国菜很好吃，
zhōng guó cài hěn hǎo chī ，
Chinese food is delicious.
可是Erica每天吃中国菜。
kě shì Erica měi tiān chī zhōng guó cài 。
But Erica eats Chinese food every day.
对，Erica每天吃中国菜啊！
duì ，Erica měi tiān chī zhōng guó cài a ！
Yes, Erica eats Chinese food every day!
Debbie，你觉得我每天吃什么？
Debbie， nǐ jué de wǒ měi tiān chī shén me ？
Debbie, what do you think I eat every day?
啊，
a ，
ah,
What do I eat every day?
Debbie，你听，
Debbie， nǐ tīng ，
Debbie, listen.
你觉得，
nǐ jué de ，
What do you think?
我，
wǒ ，
I,
我，
wǒ ，
I,
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
我每天吃什么？
wǒ měi tiān chī shén me ？
What do I eat every day?
你，
nǐ ，
you,
我觉得你吃中国菜。
wǒ jué de nǐ chī zhōng guó cài 。
I think you eat Chinese food.
对对，
duì duì ，
Yes, yes.
我每天吃中国菜，嗯，为什么？
wǒ měi tiān chī zhōng guó cài ， ń ， wèi shén me ？
I eat Chinese food every day. Hmm, why?
你觉得，
nǐ jué de ，
What do you think?
中国菜最好吃。
zhōng guó cài zuì hǎo chī 。
Chinese food is the best.
对对，
duì duì ，
Yes, yes.
对对对对，
duì duì duì duì ，
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
我觉得中国菜最好吃。
wǒ jué de zhōng guó cài zuì hǎo chī 。
I think Chinese food is the best.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Debbie，你呢？
Debbie， nǐ ne ？
Debbie, what about you?
你呢？
nǐ ne ？
And you?
It's pretty up there, yeah.
哦，Debbie，
ó ，Debbie，
Oh, Debbie,
Debbie不觉得中国菜最好吃，哈哈哈。
Debbie bù jué dé zhōng guó cài zuì hǎo chī ， hā hā hā 。
Debbie doesn't think Chinese food is the best, hahaha.
嗯，不开心。
ń ， bù kāi xīn 。
Yeah, I'm not happy.
我觉得，
wǒ jué de ，
I think,
小笼包最好吃。
xiǎo lóng bāo zuì hǎo chī 。
The xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) are the best.
哦，你觉得小笼包最好吃！
ó ， nǐ jué de xiǎo lóng bāo zuì hǎo chī ！
Oh, you think xiaolongbao is the best!
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
很好，很好，很好。
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo 。
Very good, very good, very good.
现在我开心，
xiàn zài wǒ kāi xīn ，
I'm happy now.
哈哈哈，OK。
hā hā hā ，OK。
Haha, OK.
很好，很好，嗯，
hěn hǎo ， hěn hǎo ， ń ，
Very good, very good, um.
好，所以Erica喜欢吃中国菜。
hǎo ， suǒ yǐ Erica xǐ huān chī zhōng guó cài 。
Okay, so Erica likes Chinese food.
Erica每天吃中国菜，对不对？
Erica měi tiān chī zhōng guó cài ， duì bú duì ？
Erica eats Chinese food every day, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
今天，Erica要不要吃中国菜？
jīn tiān ，Erica yào bù yào chī zhōng guó cài ？
Does Erica want to eat Chinese food today?
今天，Erica不要中国菜。
jīn tiān ，Erica bú yào zhōng guó cài 。
Today, Erica doesn't want Chinese food.
今天，Erica不要吃中国菜。
jīn tiān ，Erica bú yào chī zhōng guó cài 。
Erica doesn't want to eat Chinese food today.
那今天Erica要吃什么？
nà jīn tiān Erica yào chī shén me ？
What does Erica want to eat today?
Erica说，
Erica shuō ，
Erica said,
都可以。
dōu kě yǐ 。
It will be all right.
Erica说都可以啊！
Erica shuō dōu kě yǐ a ！
Erica said either way is fine!
Erica不要意大利菜，不要印度菜，
Erica bú yào yì dà lì cài ， bú yào yìn dù cài ，
Erica doesn't want Italian food, and she doesn't want Indian food.
不要韩国菜，
bú yào hán guó cài ，
No Korean food.
不要中国菜。
bú yào zhōng guó cài 。
No Chinese food.
可是Erica说都可以啊！
kě shì Erica shuō dōu kě yǐ a ！
But Erica said either way is fine!
Erica，
Erica,
Erica很奇怪。
Erica hěn qí guài 。
Erica is strange.
奇怪，对，
qí guài ， duì ，
Strange, yes.
Erica很奇怪。
Erica hěn qí guài 。
Erica is strange.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
你觉得Bob现在开心？
nǐ jué de Bob xiàn zài kāi xīn ？
Do you think Bob is happy now?
嗯，不开心。
ń ， bù kāi xīn 。
Yeah, I'm not happy.
Bob现在，嗯，
Bob xiàn zài ， ń ，
Bob now, well.
Bob不开心。
Bob bù kāi xīn 。
Bob is unhappy.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
现在Bob不开心，为什么？
xiàn zài Bob bù kāi xīn ， wèi shén me ？
Bob is unhappy now, why?
Bob很饿。
Bob hěn è 。
Bob is very hungry.
对，
duì ，
right,
Bob很饿。
Bob hěn è 。
Bob is very hungry.
嗯，Erica不吃很多很多菜，
ń ，Erica bù chī hěn duō hěn duō cài ，
Yes, Erica doesn't eat a lot of vegetables.
不吃这个这个这个这个，对不对？
bù chī zhè ge zhè ge zhè ge zhè ge ， duì bú duì ？
You don't want to eat this, this, this, this, right?
对，
duì ，
right,
Okay，所以，
Okay， suǒ yǐ ，
Okay, so,
Erica很奇怪，对不对？
Erica hěn qí guài ， duì bú duì ？
Erica is strange, isn't she?
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，Erica很奇怪，可是，
ń ，Erica hěn qí guài ， kě shì ，
Hmm, Erica is strange, but...
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
我觉得，嗯，
wǒ jué de ， ń ，
I think, um,
Bob也很奇怪。
Bob yě hěn qí guài 。
Bob was also puzzled.
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
对不对？
duì bú duì ？
Is that right?
Bob也很奇怪。
Bob yě hěn qí guài 。
Bob was also puzzled.
因为上次，
yīn wèi shàng cì ，
Because last time,
上次，
shàng cì ，
Last time,
上次Bob要吃什么？
shàng cì Bob yào chī shén me ？
What did Bob want to eat last time?
Bob要吃，
Bob yào chī ，
Bob wants to eat.
汉堡。
hàn bǎo 。
Hamburger.
对，
duì ，
right,
几个汉堡？
jǐ gè hàn bǎo ？
How many hamburgers?
几个汉堡？
jǐ gè hàn bǎo ？
How many hamburgers?
几，
jǐ ，
Several,
几个，几个？
jǐ gè ， jǐ gè ？
How many?
Bob吃了一个汉堡。
Bob chī le yí gè hàn bǎo 。
Bob ate a hamburger.
对，Bob要吃，
duì ，Bob yào chī ，
Yes, Bob wants to eat.
Bob，Bob吃了，
Bob，Bob chī le ，
Bob, Bob ate.
吃了，Bob吃了一个汉堡。
chī le ，Bob chī le yí gè hàn bǎo 。
Bob ate a hamburger.
对，Bob吃了一个汉堡。
duì ，Bob chī le yí gè hàn bǎo 。
Yes, Bob ate a hamburger.
可是Bob说：“啊，
kě shì Bob shuō ：“ a ，
But Bob said, "Ah,"
我要，我要吃十个汉堡。”对不对？
wǒ yào ， wǒ yào chī shí gè hàn bǎo 。” duì bú duì ？
"I want ten hamburgers!" Right?
对，
duì ，
right,
嗯，
ń ，
Um,
Bob很奇怪，对不对？
Bob hěn qí guài ， duì bú duì ？
Bob is strange, isn't he?
对，
duì ，
right,
Bob很奇怪。
Bob hěn qí guài 。
Bob is acting strangely.
Erica很奇怪，
Erica hěn qí guài ，
Erica is strange.
Bob和Erica都很奇怪，对不对？
Bob hé Erica dōu hěn qí guài ， duì bú duì ？
Bob and Erica are both strange, aren't they?
嗯，很好。
ń ， hěn hǎo 。
Yes, that's good.
Okay，非常，
Okay， fēi cháng ，
Okay, very,
非常好。
fēi cháng hǎo 。
very good.